Welcome back in in this lesson we're looking at how we can pull in data and then we can also store it
to local storage.
So this exercise we wanted to store to local storage.
So let's go ahead and add that in here and I hope you had an opportunity to try that out.
So let's let's check the local storage local storage and that was item and store it in party.
And of course you might call it something different.
And if it exists then we know that we can actually get the value.
So party will be equal to Jason.
And this is where we need to practice the parsing and the string of phi.
So we know we can parse through whatever value because it's going to be stored as a string value.
So we know if this is there then we simply pull that out and we parse it.
Otherwise we're going to get the data from that data file and then we still need to parse it.
So there we go.
So we are going to parse that through.
So one way or another we're going to get that data.
So right now as it is because we're not setting it to local storage yet that it's always going to be
adding and saving it.
So the next thing that we need to do is we need to set it to the local storage.
And this is where we're going to practice.
JS on string a fine.
So next thing and I believe there's probably two places that you need to added in and set party and
Jaison string ify the value of party selling the item because there's actually two places where we're
doing a full update of that.
So go ahead and make those changes and think of where we're actually updating the visual inputs.
So we've got an event listener here and we also are adding over here so there's two spots where we need
to get the value of party unstring defiant.
So go ahead.
Pause the video add that in and I'll show you the solution coming up.
So if you had an opportunity to try that out and I we need to store it into local storage so that we
can make use of the data.
So the data initially is coming from the Jaison file but what we're doing is we're storing it in the
local storage.
So let's go ahead and add that in.
So local storage and set item.
So whenever we make that update and we called it party.
So let's go ahead and call that party.
And this is where we use Jason string of ephi and we string a fly the contents of party.
And whenever you're working with Jason it's really it's really useful to be comfortable with string
of phi and parce.
That's one of the reasons why we're going through this exercise just to Gary get comfortable with the
fact that we're string of flying it and this gives us the ability to make it into a string format and
then we pull that information back when we parse it into adjacent parts.
So that's what's happening there.
So over here we're updating and we're adding.
And then over here as well we've made some updates.
So any time we're updating the party party array value we need to send it to local storage so that it's
stored properly.
So let's go ahead and save this.
Let's check this off.
Refresh the page.
Let's add somebody new in here.
And refresh again and we can see that we are able to track those changes and refresh it again.
So now it's just taking that data from the local storage.
And if your browser isn't supporting local storage it's always going to pull that information back from
that data file.
So the next lesson we're going to look back at using this data based on data using AJAX in order to
query it.
So it's going to work a little bit better than actually equaling it to a Jaison object as a string value.
And I'll show you how to do that in the upcoming lesson.